[MRG] Allows one to pass in a list of units to scale each channel separately (#66)
bids-standard/pybv: docs/changelog.rst

Current
=======

API
~~~

> - :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts a list of units in the ``unit`` keyword argument, which will scale each channel separately, by `Adam Li`_ (`#47 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/47>`_)

Author: ```suggestion
- :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts a list of units in the ``unit`` keyword argument, which will scale each channel separately, by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_)
```

Current
=======

API
~~~

> - :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts a list of units for the ``unit`` parameter, which will scale each channel separately, by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_)

Reviewer: I think we can also add a new point regarding the fact that we also support non Volt channels now for the `data` parameter, and that these are "detected" through passing a list of str to `unit`, where the respective entries differ from nV, mV, µV, uV, or V.

Also another point about uV now being auto converted to µV.

> - :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts a list of units in the ``unit`` keyword argument, which will scale each channel separately, by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts a list of units for the ``unit`` parameter, which will scale each channel separately, by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_)
```

> API
> ~~~
> - :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts a list of units for the ``unit`` parameter, which will scale each channel separately. In addition, support for non-Volt channels are now supported for the ``data`` parameter by passing a list of str to ``unit``. In addition, ``uV`` now also converted to ``µV``, by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changelog
~~~~~~~~
- :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` adds support for channels with non-Volt units, by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_).
- :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` automatically converts ``uV`` and ``μV`` (Greek μ) to ``µV`` (micro sign µ), by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_).

API
~~~
- The ``unit`` parameter in :func:`pybv.write_brainvision` now accepts a list of units (one unit per channel), by `Adam Li`_ (`#66 <https://github.com/bids-standard/pybv/pull/66>`_).
```
